Append leap instructions to instruct user not use Ruby Date class (#1752)
exercism/ruby: exercises/practice/leap/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Restrictions

> Create your own implementation rather than using the Date class from the Ruby standard library.

Reviewer: This might also work:

```suggestion
Avoid using `Date#leap?` from the Standard Library.
```

Simpler English, and uses syntax that you would see to reference the exact method.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I like that. Out of curiosity, is standard library supposed to be capitalized in Ruby circles? Google search seems to have search results for it both being capitalized and not capitalized. Generally, standard library doesn't refer to something specifically with that name so I don't see it capitalized typically.

Reviewer: Probably Ruby standard library is good.  The link provides a direct link to the specific thing in the standard library.

Author: The tests also prevent the user from using the 'gregorian_leap' or 'julian_leap' methods, so I updated it to be 'Avoid using the Date class from the Standard Library.'

Reviewer: That does not do what you think it does (if you think it prevents the user from using those).

You can see this if you test it, by writing this code in the example.rb file, and run `rake test:leap`:

```ruby
  def leap?
    Date.gregorian_leap?(number)
  end
```

I always thought it was just there to be informative to the reader, but never thought it was meant to be "effective code".

There are trivial ways to get around it, even if it might work in certain circumstances.

Reviewer: What I would suggest doing, I think, is to leave the advice to the analyzer, and suggest to not use `Date#leap?` explicitly here.

Author: I updated my commit to what you suggested earlier.
